DOCS-6134 Adds Dashboards and Metrics Terminology to the Docs Glossary (#22381)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/geomap.md

---

> title: geomap

Reviewer: The definition doesn't match

core_product:
  - dashboards
  - real user monitoring
related_terms:
  - metric
---

> The heatmap widget shows metrics aggregated across multiple tags. 
> 
> Use heatmap widgets to visualize OpenTelemetry histograms, distribution metrics, high resolution and data display. For more information, <a href="/dashboards/widgets/geomap/">see the documentation</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The geomap widget visualizes geographic data with shaded regions or points. Use this widget to view user sessions by country, filter to see a list of all sessions in a new tab, or monitor performance metrics like load time, core web vitals, and percent of views with errors. For more information, <a href="/dashboards/widgets/geomap/">see the documentation</a>.
```
